So, let's talk about the actual last pillar
in the well architecture framework, which is sustainability.
It's a new pillar.
So, this pillar focuses on minimizing
the environmental impact of running cloud workloads.
So the idea is that you want to understand
your impact, establish performance indicators,
evaluate improvements,
make sure you reach sustainability goals.
So, find these long terms and find your ROI.
Maximize the utilization of your services
because you wanna be energy efficient
and obviously be environmental conscious.
You want to anticipate
and adopt new more efficient hardware over time
because AWS does some optimizations to their infrastructure
and if you use their newer stuff,
then you are being more efficient.
Use manage services where possible
because you share the infrastructure with many people
and therefore you are in a better space for sustainability.
And reduce the downstream impact of your cloud workloads.
So, reduce the amount of energy
or resources required for your services
and your need for your customers
to constantly upgrade their devices.
So, some services that help with sustainability in AWS,
for example, EC2 Auto Scaling
or Serverless Offerings such as Lambda or Fargate.
And you want to get basically use
the right amount of compute for your task.
Cost Explorer; Graviton 2,
EC2T type of instances and Spot Instances.
All of them allow you to make sure you're energy efficient
when using the capacity compute of AWS,
and spot instances will allow you to use spare capacity,
which will be wasted otherwise.
Then some tiering storage,
so EFS-IA, Amazon S3 Glacier, Cold HDD for EBS volumes
all allow you to optimize your cost regarding storage.
Like is all your data needing to be hot,
these kind of questions.
Then S3 Lifecycle Configurations
S3 Intelligent Tiering
to make sure your data is in the right tier
as well as Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager.
And finally, databases can help you,
so Read Local, Write Global.
So think about RDS Read Replicas,
Aurora Global Databases,
DynamoDB Global Tables or using CloudFronts.
Okay. That's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.